Now in the last lecture we noticed that all our change has kind of broke our happier if we delete an
item and then click on the remaining item we load a different one for editing.
Now the error here actually happens because when we load an item we click on it in the shopping list
component.
We admit it is started editing event which is stored in a shopping list service here with a subject
and the shopping component where we subscribe to that we then load Tituba edited item from the shopping
list service with the get ingredient method.
Now the problem is the array of items here actually isn't in use anymore so we load the wrong items.
To fix this we actually should reach out to our store and load element from there.
So any shopping added component the correct behavior would be to load the added that item from the store
and not from the shopping list service.
Now there are multiple ways of handling this.
You could add actions like start added and stop added or something like dead or just start EDID maybe
and simply store the currently edited item in the store so that you don't have to keep track of it here
in the component but could just simply well get added to the item from the store and it would automatically
inform you whenever it changes.
And this sounds like the cleanest solution to me.
So for that I simply should go to a store in the reducers fall where we set up an initial store where
an state and add an edited ingredient property which will be null initially and will also add a number
property.
The edited ingredient index which initially is ALL IS NULL but will later be a number.
We can therefore maybe also send it to minus 1.
Now to make it easier to you.
Well use does state because now we would have to updated it everywhere in the application where we use
it like for example in the shopping list at its component.
When we inject it here that's no longer true.
We no longer just have ingredients we added two new properties.
Now that will be cumbersome.
So all set and export interface here which old name state and there define how my state for this part
of the application should look like that it will have an ingredient property which is an array of ingredients
that it will have to be edited Ingredion property which is a single ingredient and the edited ingredient
index property which will be a number.
And with that I can simply implement this here or say that initial state is actually of type state like
that.
So now with that interface set up and this initial stage using it we can take advantage of that in the
rest of the application.
For now all export a new interface here which will name app state because the overall App State is of
course made up of multiple pieces like the state for a shopping list here and you still use my shopping
list key and assign the state here as a value.
So my shopping list area will have this state.
So basically the same set of US before just have two additional properties.
It does not allows me to exchange it in for example to shopping edit component.
First of all I am all import everything from the shopping list.
Reducers fall on name it from shopping list kind of a convention you see in a lot of the documentation
articles and your all reach out to the store and then to the shopping list.
Reducers fall.
Now if that I can say my store heres simply exposes values of the type from shopping list app state
and what that everything should still work.
I'm just now using this as a tie or copy that import because I only need to replace it in the shopping
list component here.
I need to go up one no level though.
So just not slash at the beginning and then replace this here or two in the generic type declaration.
You're all use from shopping list app state.
And with that finally Ole's the in the recipe detail a component of where I also used it.
Let's add that imports.
Let's go up one additional level and then access the shopping list folder and let's replace our type
here with from shopping list app state.
OK.
So that's it.
With that we can also get rid of the ingredient import there.